Data packages to generate a meta-analysis of single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with panic disorder in genome-wide associate studies (GWAS).
Single-nucleotide polymorphisms associated with PD in human patients were mined from a systematic review of the literature using the PubMed search engine. The search strategy was (‘panic disorder’) AND (‘genome-wide association study’). Results were limited to English language papers. The reference lists of the retrieved articles were also reviewed to identify publications on the same topic. The published SNPs within 10 kb of a genomic feature (i.e., gene/transcript biotypes) were selected, and protein-coding features were used for the meta-analysis. Table 1 presents the selected studies. Data were extracted independently and in duplicate by two reviewers (R.X.C.S and S.P.R.) using a standardized data extraction form. Any disagreement was adjudicated by a third author (C.M.).
Meta-analyses were conducted on the basis of the fixed-effect model as implemented by [METAL](https://genome.sph.umich.edu/wiki/METAL_Documentation) by combining summary statistics across data sets (Willer et al., 2010)⁠. Since meta-analysis of summary statistics is as powerful as pooling individual-level data across studies (Lin and Zeng, 2009)⁠, summarized data (SNP identification, reference allele, non-reference allele, and associated p-values) was used. At the meta-analysis level, summary statistics were filtered for inclusion after meeting a minimum imputation quality score of 0.3, minor allele frequency of greater than 0.1% across studies, and absolute β coefficients less than 5. The resulting p-values were corrected for false discovery rates using the R package fdrtool (https://cran.r-project.org/package=fdrtool; Strimmer, 2008)⁠. The resulting FDR-corrected trait-associated SNPs (TASs) were filtered based on q-values following a three-sigma rule, with only those TASs that were associated with PD at a q-value smaller than 0.001 retained for posterior analysis.
